README.md, before:

Simple Cookie Notification Bar
========================================
Requires at least: 3.8
Tested up to: 4.3
Stable tag: 1.4
Donate link: http://wptips.me/simple-cookie-notification-bar/
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

WordPress Plugin, displays a simple cookie notification bar on the bottom of the page, customizable colours and texts.

This lightweight plugin will display a simple notification bar on the bottom of the page with a button to hide the notification.

* Possible to add a 'More Information' button with a link on it. 
* All texts, colours and font size can be changed from a simple settings form.
* Responsive.
* Compatible with Polylang and WPML multilingual plugins

== Installation ==

1. Unzip simple-cookie-notification-bar.zip
2. Upload the unziped folder `simple-cookie-notification-bar` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
3. Activate the plugin through the \'Plugins\' menu in WordPress
4. Go to Settings -> Simple Cookie Bar to change the default values.

== Changelog ==

= 1.4 =
* Added option for buttons border color.
* Modifications on the settings form UI.
* Changed the custom style output to use wp_get_cache, wp_set_cache.
* User can now add some html tags in the message.
* Added minified versions of the css and fixed some elements style.
* Added compatibility with Polylang and WPML multilingual plugins

= 1.3 =
* Added display shadow option
* Added small radius to the buttons.
* Chnaged file structure.
* Fixed small bug in options loop.

= 1.2 =
* Added text align option

= 1.1 =
* Fix, cookie set for all domain name

= 1.0 =
* First version

Commit message:

fix js to prevent conflicts with other plugins, added filter to modufy allowed html tags on message

README.md, after:

Simple Cookie Notification Bar
========================================
Requires at least: 3.8
Tested up to: 4.3
Stable tag: 1.5
Donate link: http://wptips.me/simple-cookie-notification-bar/
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html

WordPress Plugin, displays a simple cookie notification bar on the bottom of the page, customizable colours and texts.

This lightweight plugin will display a simple notification bar on the bottom of the page with a button to hide the notification.

* Possible to add a 'More Information' button with a link on it. 
* All texts, colours and font size can be changed from a simple settings form.
* Responsive.
* Compatible with Polylang and WPML multilingual plugins

== Installation ==

1. Unzip simple-cookie-notification-bar.zip
2. Upload the unziped folder `simple-cookie-notification-bar` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
3. Activate the plugin through the \'Plugins\' menu in WordPress
4. Go to Settings -> Simple Cookie Bar to change the default values.

== Changelog ==

= 1.5 =
* Fix in js to prevent conflicts with other plugins
* Added filter for modify html allowed tags in the notification message.

= 1.4 =
* Added option for buttons border color.
* Modifications on the settings form UI.
* Changed the custom style output to use wp_get_cache, wp_set_cache.
* User can now add some html tags in the message.
* Added minified versions of the css and fixed some elements style.
* Added compatibility with Polylang and WPML multilingual plugins

= 1.3 =
* Added display shadow option
* Added small radius to the buttons.
* Chnaged file structure.
* Fixed small bug in options loop.

= 1.2 =
* Added text align option

= 1.1 =
* Fix, cookie set for all domain name

= 1.0 =
* First version
